to make a change in the team were basically discussed and changing the
culture s. So how do you change that culture? I would first say would
be leading by example. The second thing would be be in prison So
you can't change the culture by my not being there. So you have to be
around the sailors. You have to be around the personnel. You have
to be there when they're going through rough times. You have to be there
during the best times. Change that culture. They're gonna look
at you as an example of what to do and what not to do in situations.
Uhm as time goes on and as you progress in your your tours you'll start
to notice that sailors will watch every everything that you do
and what you say. And eventually they'll come to you and ask you for
advice, sir. How do I do this? Sir, if you were in this situation,
what would you do? And that's how you change culture. It takes time,
but you leave by example and you stay present You You will eventually
move that culture on being a more positive and productive environment.